and
You have to start out the morning.
I'd be fantastic by welcoming I guess to have come in to the committee chamber.
The call will be really very ruling against any audible manifestations of approval and disapproval.
I have asked again the uniform members of the Capitol Police Force that you see before you.
And the plain clothesmen who are scattered among the audience
to enforce the rules vigorously to politely but firmly escort from the rules any individual or individual.
By writing the terms of the agreement by which you enter the chamber, namely to refrain from making audible manifestations of approval or disapproval.
I just approved.
Shall I like to remind you of the following?
Again, that by the beginning of the afternoon session,
you don't see any of them who have any additional names to suggest to counsel Jenkins as witnesses.
We'll submit them to you in writing.
Several of the committee members have already submitted their recommendations.
These are four additional witnesses or sayings that they have none in mind.
And they share one's to remind his colleagues that they have until the opening of the two of the manifestations that makes that.
This is available to Mr. Jenkins and then we're going to have a meeting this afternoon.
That's the staff.
And I have meeting this afternoon as the conclusion of the open session to discuss
the rules ahead.
As far as our committee carries out, I'm happy to yield this and I'm a top.
My understanding is sure now to make a ruling that unwrapped names are submitted by a known group of members of the committee,
then there are a third of these excluded from my commission, Justin, or his questioning witnesses,
who's asked for the valid information not what you asked to have on the board.
We have a hearing of time that he's coming to cooperate with the House of the Council,
so we can have some arguing procedure and we feel strongly confident that he's starting to end over to cooperate.
I've been brought by the NWR today or later, that would be important,
what the chair was saying on the right of the fair now.
Make it clear now, public and open and obvious.
We can't attend the meeting.
As sentiment is coming.
I'm very important meeting that the armed services, and I would like to excuse myself,
as I may for you.
You may turn it over to the top, as possible.
I will assure you as we assure you that there's a pattern under so much of consensus the other day that can so far as the chair can,
he will avoid any votes, but you are a way.
Thank you, Jim.
If I have permission, may I say send it over to the appropriate committee.
As far as the armed forces of the preparation of the Smolniers,
I feel constrained to have sent myself sometime a little bit later for that very, all important work.
Well, all right, gentlemen, all the members of that committee, too,
we can't attend move from some of us and stay here.
Yeah, I was thinking, good enough.
I think that's about all we can do is to divide our forces that way,
and again, in the chair, once the state has just points up to the importance.
To find the finding reasonable and right-level way and time and manner in which to conclude these hearings,
because other important businesses,
filing up a great importance to the country,
and a great importance to our individual states.
The minority leadership on the Democratic side, on the Senate floor,
and the majority leadership on the Republican side,
and with the strange majorities we have,
these could reverse those procedures,
as those designations just you've heard of,
but on both sides they have been very cooperative.
To these fair matters, which members of the committee are especially interested,
both in the committee and on the floor,
but we are approaching the adjournment date of the front.
And it is imperative, I think, that each of us,
pictures, stolen our conscience to determine
just what we want to have do, done, in the continuation of these hearings.
How far we want to expand the wishes?
How long we want to continue them?
It's without purpose for meeting this afternoon,
but that purpose I have asked my colleagues to the past few days,
to read the executive testimony that's been taken,
all of which is now available,
and to try to find, I hope,
a formula for a procedure into our determination date,
which will be acceptable, number one,
and most important to all of the French.
And then I hope to all of our most children members of the committee.
Mr. Standemacati understands,
undergoing direct determination at this time,
by Council Jenkins.
In a little bit of a prepared statement,
he has made something of a speech as a presentation
at the beginning of his meeting yesterday.
And now I understand that his attention is ready to begin
the direct determination to be followed by
a proper testimony, comprehensive.
So, Mr. Standemacati, at this time,
I desire to examine you directly,
with reference to the charges of the Macrathis Fair
against Mr. Standemacati.
I think perhaps it would be well
to at this time, specifically,
the time those charges so that
the examination may be dealt within that particular area of inquiry.
As we understand this senator,
you, as chairman of the committee,
and the members of your staff,
at Standemacati,
is the second day and his council
talks to the credit for the work of the Macrathis committee.
Secondly, that the second day
of his council has stopped to present
such as the stop of the block,
your investigation of subverses in the Army and the Fort Monument.
And, certainly, that Mr. Standemacati
starts to prevent you from bringing before you to meet
the members of the Lawy of the Board for examination.
So, thank you, Mr. Standemacati,
with you are not saying that those of the charges
made by you and you are served against the Secretary of the Senate.
Yes, Mr. Standemacati,
I don't like the trouble about the cross-charges,
but we did understand their charges.
And, in doing so,
and in the document,
I have been involved in the use of the Union State of Athens
for the implementation of one made,
where they are not infectious.
I think that's the senseless practice.
I merely want to make it clear that
we have nothing to do with calling on the hearing.
We're merely made out of the charges for many instances.
And, as you told us yesterday about when you were made chairman of this committee,
I think it's in the records of Mr. Cohen's opinion
to your committee shortly after you assumed the role of chairman Schultz.
That's perhaps Mr. Shine's game with him from two big weeks back.
Mr. Clark's game with your committee plan.
Mr. Clark's game in July of the week.
July of the week.
I may say Mr. Clark worked as head of the FBI subversive group in New York.
I believe you are right.
Mr. Clark's game was in the mind-eye.
Mr. Steven, for his background, before he assumed the secretation of the Army,
I have some radams about his background.
I see something yet to be about you.
In the selection of the members of your staff, Senator,
who do not use the investigation records, their background, their qualifications?
I do.
Mr. Clark, Senator, and I think Mr. Cohen is pretty well covered.
In short, why did you select Mr. Cohen as you chief counsel?
Uh, great number of reasons of detection.
I was working for a conflomber fired working young man who knew something about common atoms,
who knew something about his up to getting,
who had a background of FBI experience, a justice department experience.
Mr. Cohen came to me very highly recommended from a sizable number of people.
Mr. Cohen applied for this position.
Did you speak to him out, Senator?
I believe I saw him out for this judgment.
What about the background of Mr. Chien?
Mr. Chien came almost exclusively on the recommendation of Mr. Cohen,
except that I had got an FBI name,
so I can let Mr. Chien before I 50-mom make money.
And what about Mr. Carl?
Well, Mr. Carl is a man who we're trying to get for quite some time.
I had known about Mr. Chien's activities in producing the evidence
in the Conviction of Communism New York over a number of years.
I knew that he was head of the subversive squad,
a bunch of the right to name, I think they call it subversive death,
when he directed all the way from a hundred up to over two hundred.
It happens that to get his own Communism,
I felt that Mr. Chien was one of the most confident administrators I could get.
And we spent a great deal of time trying to persuade Mr. Chien with him.
Mr. Chien was the first late plan for the investigation of the system
who were allegedly in the Army.
Mr. Chien's impossible to give you a state.
Before I became chairman of the committee, I had received complaints about the type of lecture,
the type of material the Army worked on,
the type of indoctrination material being used to indoctrinate our troops,
to indoctrinate our intelligence officers.
I received complaints to regard to Port Monmouth.
And the impossible to fix the case, I would assume,
for those who shortly after I made the talk on the Sunsport,
on February 9, 1950, I started to get a great mass of material,
much of which I could not devaluate because I did not understand.
I would say it's about 50-51.
I started to get material out of the sensitive infiltration of the Army first.
That's 50-51.
Have you finished your lecture?
No, I'm not saying I'm a detective,
I've been unmuniting myself for long to make sure I'm safe on the front end,
violating the room myself,
I've been in my hand, I've uphold the controlling reason why we decided to go to the military,
and keep in mind, with the drinkers,
that I feel that we do have a good army.
I feel 99% strong for more,
great moral and not completely divine for their country.
I know all over the place,
I know that 50-51 was general rank,
and I'm the manager that we have the greatest army in the world.
I don't know if we have the greatest, I think we've got a great army.
But now specifically, in an order to get along, my question is,
only if you lay the groundwork or do the spacework,
I choose you as function of the jam,
as you've reviewed the meetings,
to investigate a life-to-person in the Army.
And I very firmly chair a very brief resume,
the reason why I felt I'm still feeling a bit sympathetic to the acting committee,
the cooperation committee, so for you to stay publicly,
what your reasons were,
for the plans that you raised,
and which you,
are investigating the execution,
for the investigation of the Berkies in life.
Could I do this, Mr. Duncan,
and I hope that's over the last blow after,
we have turning,
oh, back,
decades ago,
the public statement by the top communists
and one of their prime objectives was in so pretty Army,
I just read you one or two of those,
and I'd like to hand the others,
as to the press to say a term,
for example, the program of the Communist International,
back in 1936,
for an absolutely essential three requisites,
for this form of action,
that is the Communist action,
is intensified revolutionary work in the Army and the Navy,
then in the thesis and statutes of the Third International,
that they book with the President of the Communist Party of America,
forth in the most enlightened and free countries,
it is a special way necessary to carry on unlawful work
in the Army and the Navy,
and please,
again, the program of the Communist International,
the Communist International must devote itself a special way,
to organize work in the Army and the Navy,
and skipping a few of these,
to save time,
with their second,
the communists here,
the Constitutional Program of the Communist Party,
published away back in 1921,
the Communist Party of America,
will carry on a systematic agitation
in the American Army and Navy,
again, in factors governing your tactical land,
towards the Communist Party of all countries,
must increase their work in the capitalist Army,
just one more of them to challenge from the daily workers,
let us take root in the factories,
let us penetrate into the Army and into the Navy,
and I could quote many more,
you will find at least,
another of this resume that you will find in the dedications,
at least 50,
in fact, all of the top writers of the Communist Party,
suggest the importance of infiltration of the Army,
and may I say that I think it's no disgrace to
a Secretary of the Army to find a Communist in the Army?
I think the disgrace is when you find those who cover up that Army.
Those are the reasons that as we understand it,
why you directed your energy towards an investigation
of Communists or the Virtues in the Army?
Well, those are some of the reasons.
Yes, some of the reasons.
As an expert in the Senator was,
when did you actually start working with your staff
in the preparation of an investigation
of the Virtues or Communists in the Army?
Approximately when?
It was only spring of 1953
I took it into the month I was 30,
perhaps many reasons there was.
April, May, thereabouts.
The next question Senator is,
what was done generally in the preparation
made the unit staff to the end
as she might actually conduct?
I came and determined whether or not
there were the Virtues or Communists in the Army.
For these few, you,
I went to sign them,
but they were just a bit of a...
...crusting what sort of...
...sexy whatever information we had.
The exciting one,
we should start to hold public hearings
and take them out of the committee.
I think I took them out of the committee.
I frankly don't know what that was before
or after my Democrat friends left.
Anyway, I took it up with the committee.
I think at least two months before we start to hold public hearings.
Do you have any idea of a possibility
to have any witnesses or questions
Senator, prepare for your having hearings
on the subject of inquiry?
I'd rather not rely upon my memory.
I've got a very common say up here.
I think it can give me the figures
that much better than I can do.
Mr. Gorn tells me that they can't give us any of these.
I know the very large number.
Can you give them a proclamation of figures?
So they're rather difficult to send them to the streets
and that I...
I do not work down in the office
for my illustrators as their headquartered.
I guess the end result of their work.
When they find the witnesses,
whom they think of,
importantly come up and tell me about him.
They may interrogate 20 witnesses
before they find someone
who may think has information
or is professionally important to pass on to the committee.
I think that our annual report indicates
that over the year of 1953,
there was considerably over a thousand witnesses interrogated.
Some of them were on the voice of America,
some of them are going to be running off
from an inkless trade.
If I were to get to the being purely a guest,
I would have flown through a 300,
but that's purely a guest.
When the witnesses did use
to actual questions,
a consecutive hour open hearing
in the investigation of the person
who's coming into the army.
I think the date was August 31.
Was that an executive meeting?
That was an executive meeting.
So, they held in New York.
Up to that time,
and between August 31,
and the date of the assumption of office
by the security of the army,
did you know whether or not
any subversives or communists
had been the suspended or discharged
from the personnel,
civilian personnel of the army?
As far as I know,
Mr. Daniels,
none were suspended until after
we started our investigation.
That would be the subsequent to August 31.
If that guy said it was not necessarily
August 31,
but subsequent to the date
that the man and the army knew
that we were investigating
the birth of the army.
I believe they had some
sometime in early August,
and I couldn't give you the date
because they don't give up those dates.
I think in funding your
investigation at Fort Mama,
did or not do anything about
the senator's dysfunction
of any communists
or subversives or families
in any other army post.
Yes, they're the right thing
we bring in about.
They were at the front of the after,
we have them before the committee.
The answer is yes.
They were the security guard.
In New York, the man was guarding
the secret
and had a communist back on
the vendous vehicles
who was in the quartermaster corps.
Mr. C,
that's a second note.
It was a threat of light.
But the court reminds me of
the fact that I was in the
court, and I was in the court
as I just can't re-aw something
like this.
I'm in the state and I have a list
of the senator's investigation
and I recall that I had the
security army give his version
of the story of Fort Mama.
The madam's name is story.
The court is story.
I'm going to ask you now
the total of the committees.
And as the President has
brought 20 out of million Americans,
give her your report Mama.
Tell me, is your McCarthy version?
West Preserver,
an old and flip of custom,
my version is that
is this child
now on exhibition, Jeremy,
to that question and I say,
the small star-twit-based
the large-type severed
all of the individuals
who were curious to answer
whether or not they were coming.
Some have just been
or some have just
advertised invoking the
self-incommonation
and the translation of the
Constitution.
In small-time, you'll notice
Mr. Drankin,
shows that there were no suspensions
at Fort Mama Fire
or in investigation.
Following in investigation,
35 in the 1
report that do soil
some such class was made
that the few days ago,
we find that Aaron Chomes
hasn't been removed.
I'm well-beığım security grou
so if the chart is not
accurate as of this day,
to be accurate as of the week is
cut.
When does the remaining
storm disappointors,
thank you again,
your investigation report Mama.
About this, we are going to spend it.
Is that correct?
I don't like structure language,
but 35 who had records,
which were in the case,
they were subversals of that.
I don't know how many of those
are still under suspension centers.
I understand from the information
which we get,
but only one case that's finally
adjudicated,
and that was not Aaron Chomes.
And he has been removed.
Now, Senator,
I will ask you to explain
to the committee the significance
of the large chart.
The large chart was to try to move
conveying the names of the
familiar movements that share it,
so I can see the chart.
I can say thank you.
Thank you.
92 individuals were paired
in public touch,
and who had used to testify,
some of them are to come in
in the section of these,
some are to espionage activity,
some are to sacrifice.
Now, up to make it clear,
I say,
do we understand the fact
that they were civilians
and employees of the Army,
those 90-year-olds
in the victim's door?
No.
They were mainly witnesses
of what you mean,
Senator,
no, there were more than last
of the detectives.
Some of them had never worked
for the Ingeverment.
But they were all told
because of alleged connections
which they had with people working
in the Ingeverment.
Thanks, for example,
for having the first thing
in the victim's amendment
coming into the next one
door, for his call.
I was working for the Army
in the quartermaster court.
The National Network drop styles
had been working
in the government's printing office,
access to six of material
for a great number of years
on the outline.
I do have an explanation
of each one.
I could read it in,
I'm not sure if you want that.
Senator, I don't think
for example, number 85,
blue board,
board,
very good explanation.
I believe it's maybe the
public section.
I think it's the public section.
The fire laughed and undercovered
the FBI agent and
chastified the sports
by Frank.
That his job was to
kill a term of a committee.
Board came in for the committee
and vote for the criminal.
I frankly want
to impress by my, I think
he was just bragging.
They were not the
45th to function.
Are included in that list?
No.
Are any of them included in it?
Well, someone are included
in that list.
Others are not.
Then they're going to be
legitimate.
We'll go around here.
I'm not going to cut you off.
I'm not sure if any of
them are included in that list.
I don't believe any are
included in that list.
You see, we didn't get the name
from the military of the 35th
at the front.
We only got the numbers.
The only way we could find out
the public had been to front
was to call on this list.
We only have those
that put the testimony.
When did you first meet
to fuck the day of the Army?
Mr. Robert,
he's needed.
He was half of the hearing
he's coming.
I might say as far as
the pinpointing date,
that's impossible.
It was somewhere in
the funeral of a month's boss.
My chief counsel,
very sometime, he sent me
a September-physel in the strike.
When he came back,
when he returned from Montana,
he'll see me give it up
west, and send me away.
I asked when he came back,
and that was it.
We'll follow through the call
as if you first meet
and he was attacked
by the Army.
As far as I know,
I may have met him,
but he tells me
I'm meeting the door of
that, socially,
and I'll be first
to answer that for sure.
Then he'll bring the
few firsts, real-ads,
that he knew
that the pressure was being
thought upon you
as a number of your staff,
by either the secretary
or anyone in the news.
Your decision.
There'll be a call
off your investigation
to report Mama.
Are we Army?
A general secretary
of the strike
has tried to give you a specific
base because,
whenever you investigate
a particular bureau,
I always find
some opposition to it,
if the ray-dankers
were ahead of a bureau,
you perhaps wouldn't want
a congressional committee
investigating what he was doing.
I, frankly,
didn't think the pressure
seriously until about
the 21st day of January
or thereabouts,
and some of the frontiers
called me and told me
that Mr. Adams and Mr.
Stevens had been
to them, had been
a Franklin Duke's
grant to keep me
from calling the members
of the old human
royalty-boy,
which was no longer
a system,
but still working
with Honeycomb as far as I know.
It reached this height
on the night of the
funny second of January
when Mr. Adams came
to my apartment.
Before that,
I heard a lot of
medley back and forth,
as was lunch.
To John Adams,
I'm confused with him,
almost all of our hearing
was heard.
And I would hear
a new roar,
and either in each other
back and forth,
suggesting that he
was being called
off.
And I'm still,
surprised,
nice thoughts.
We were meeting
over the Pentagon,
called by Mr.
Stevens, one of the
big ones, right?
So, let me remember
it's quick.
Now, that family
secretary
made a rather
good argument
for throwing off
the hearing,
and that they
would proceed to do
this job themselves,
if we would quit.
I didn't think there
was anything
frankly improper
about that.
The target we should
put the investigation
going to something
helped.
I think the honey
and the
hair color
that mentioned
the fire color,
and the mandate
perhaps.
Now, I think
I would like
you to tell us,
numbers of the
subcommittee,
as near as you
possibly can,
precisely what was said
for the security
army on the
Remberstreet.
You've got
in the head of the
state of the
state.
It's expected to
question you,
but you're on the
Remberstreet.
The meeting of the
Pentagon.
It's been fairly
ahead in these days.
I can give you the
trust and
support of Mr. Dreintham.
I didn't think
it's very enough to
remember the wording
for a break
in the
substance
that even
I give that the
committee had
performed a
function that he was
willing to take
over into the jobs.
So, the
Remberstreet
army.
I pointed out to him
that we had very
little difficulty in
having with the
uniform
and the
mostly with the
division.
The old
administration.
I pointed out to him
that we were
making that
very clear.
Whenever we had a
man before, we made
very clear when he
was brought into the
administration.
And up to that time,
out of
before the
prime of his, I don't
think we
told a single individual
suspect
the common
activities that came
in under the
even administration.
He argued
rather
convincingly that he
had been
on top of
10 months.
And that
if we were to
continue that he
would take
the
uniform
and
the
uniform.